= Stripped Attributes

A Rails plugin that automatically strips all ActiveRecord model attributes 
of leading and trailing whitespace. If the attribute is blank, it strips 
the value to +nil+.

It works by overwriting ActiveRecord's +write_attribute+ method. So the 
removal of whitespace is instantly applied and reflected in ActiveRecord's 
dirty tracking of attributes.



== Installation
  
You can install Stripped Attributes with the following command.

  % ./script/plugin install git://github.com/m4n/stripped_attributes.git



== Usage

By default, all attributes are stripped:

  class Post < ActiveRecord::Base
    strip_attributes
  end
  
  p = Post.new
  p.title = "  foo \n"
  p.title #=> "foo"
  p.changes #=> {"title"=>[nil, "foo"]}
  p.body = " "
  p.body #=> nil
  p.changes #=> {"title"=>[nil, "foo"]}
  
Sure, you can also control which attributes are stripped:

  class Post < ActiveRecord::Base
    strip_attributes :title, :body
  end



== Download

The latest version of Stripped Attributes can be found at 
http://github.com/m4n/stripped_attributes

Documentation can be generated from its distribution directory with the 
following command.

  % [sudo] rake rdoc

Tests can be executed from its distribution directory with the 
following command.

  % [sudo] rake test



== Hacking

Stripped Attributes is {hosted on Github}[http://github.com/m4n/stripped_attributes]. 
Pull requests are welcome.



== Bugs

Please report bugs on the {Github issue tracker}[http://github.com/m4n/stripped_attributes/issues]
for this project.



== License

Stripped Attributes is released under the MIT license.



== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Martin Andert

